>> Mike North: So
in terms of how we defend against this.
We add another HTTP response header, and
that is called strict transport security.
What you're telling modern browsers
here is that once you get the message,
once you hear that we want to use strict
transport security for this domain,
you are not permitted to make a plain
HTTP connection to that domain.
And all subdomains, if you add this,
includes subdomains option here.
You're just not allowed to talk to
anything there on that domain
without encryption, you can't do it.
You do wanna use includeSubDomains
because you can still write to cookies.
You can write to cookies from
a subdomain onto the parent domain.
And that exposes you to a variety
of cookie-based attacks
where you could still downgrade a user
to plain HTTP and put some JavaScript
in place that would mess with cookies,
or just manipulate it directly.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: What's the significance of
that number?
>> Mike North: The significance of
that number is how long the instructions
to forbid plain HTTP connections stand.
>> Speaker 2: No, right, but
why that number?
>> Mike North: I think that's a year
in seconds, looks like it.
Someone Google 31 million
seconds in years,
should be 0.9 something.
[LAUGH]
>> Mike North: So
you want this to stand for a long time.
You want this to stand for a long time.
And this is great, this means that
we can save users from themselves.
But they have to get the message.
They have to get that first
response back from us.
If they're a new user it's difficult for,
there's no way for
a developer to follow those instructions.
There's no way for
a browser to follow those instructions
cuz they haven't received them yet.
There is a fix for that.
And what you do is you
go to hstspreload.org,
add your domain to a list.
And all of these browsers, they take that
giant list which is now tens of thousands
of domains, and they include it in
the source code for the browser itself.
So on the right is a screenshot of
some names near the top of the list.
You see PayPal on there relatively
recently, I'm sorry, relatively early.
They've been on there for
a while, not recently.
Last Pass,
I'm glad to see they're pretty high up.
They were on the bandwagon early but
basically now the next version of
the browser that ships, like the next
upgrade, that will include your domain.
Now it comes pre-loaded with instructions
to never talk to your domain over
a plain HTTP connection, so
it's a good idea to do this.
Here is the game changer.
The warning here does not
have a proceed anyway button.
The user does not have the option to
take the risk, they are flat stopped.
So as you may suspect,
you want to make sure all of your
ducks are in a row before you take
the step and make this a permanent thing.
Just because once you go there, plain HTTP
is forbidden and you just need to make
sure that there's no vital end point that
you must communicate with or vital page
that's on some strange subdomain that you
would be potentially locking users out of.